NAME OF GAME:

1. randomize cards with shuffling
2. there are 2-4 players for a normal 52 card deck
3. the highest value is an ace and the lowest is 2; a two cannot beat an ace
4. each player is dealt three blind cards facedown, which they do not look at
5. each player is then dealt six other cards
6. of these six, each player selects three exit cards to place on top of their blind cards
7. the players will use these cards after the remainder of the deck has been used up
8. players typically choose their best cards to serve as exit cards
9. the remainder of the deck is placed face down in the middle of the players
10. the first card on top of the remainder of the deck is flipped over and serves as the base card
11. at this point, game play has began and the players' exit cards are final and cannot be swapped out
12. players must play cards of larger value than the base card, disregarding suites
13. as players play cards, they must replace them with the card on top of the remainder of the deck
14. only one card may be played at a time 
15. special cards may be played: 10 is a bomb, 7 means only cards with values from 2-7 can be played, and 3 is a mirror card
16. when a bomb is played, all the cards on the table are cleared, including the bomb, not returning them to the deck
17. when a mirror is played, it takes on the properties of the card directly beneath it
18. if a player cannot beat the card on the table when it is their turn:
19. the next person attempts to beat the card
20.if no one can beat the card:
21. the person who originally played the card may now go, and play anything in their hand
22. if the deck in the middle has been exhuasted:
23. players must finish playing their final hand of cards
24. if a player had finished their final hand:
25. the player must now take their previously selected exit cards and play those by the normal rules
26. if a player plays all of their exit cards:
27. the player should select their blind cards one at a time when it is their turn to play
28. if their blind card does not beat the card they were trying to beat:
29. they must pick up all cards previously played and play those before returning to their blind cards
30 players who believe their blind cards will not beat the played card may pass when it is their turn as many times as they wish
31. the first player to play all their cards, including blind cards, wins
